Embedded Firmware engineer Remote position Long term Job Summary The Staff Firmware Engineer calls for an experienced, knowledgeable, and talented engineer to lead the development of firmware components for the Engineering organization. As a firmware technical lead, you will have an opportunity to lead and collaborate with other engineers to design, plan, develop, and maintain Embedded firmware components for the Firmware Engineering team. Experienced and high contributing engineer capable of handling complicated R&D hardware, firmware, software, and complete solutions projects as part of a cross-functional team. Collaborates with Product Management, Project management, third party carriers and certification bodies, cellular modem providers and other R&D teams in design, development, and validation of complete Smart Grid solutions. Collaborates with SMEs and business partners on component and system design. Key Responsibilities: Responsible for Development and Testing of Cellular modem Interface FW Handling of telco specific constraints and behaviors Handling of SIM, APN, and operator-driven configuration differences Responsible for cellular network simulation Handling of modem test tools and diagnostics of traces Analyze modem logs, network traces, and protocol flows to identify root causes Drive fixes that improve robustness across varying network conditions and operators Company Values: Supports and adheres to Company's core values. Performs other duties or responsibilities as assigned or required. Supports and adheres to Company's Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy. Represents Company in a positive, professional manner when working with both internal and external customers. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Experience in embedded Firmware development in C Hands on experience working with cellular modems and interaction with carrier networks. Understanding of Power saving modes (PSM, eDRX) and Network induced latency, drops, and retries Experience debugging issues that appear only under real network conditions Exposure to end to end systems involving device network backend interactions Accountabilities: 30% leadership responsibilities & 70% development responsibilities. Conduct code reviews with the team (subordinates) to improve compliance with established best practices and coding standards. Ability to energize and mentor junior team members of the team to achieve deliverables. Ability to work independently or on a team. Must have proficient multitasking, organizational and time management skills. Ability to work on complex R&D projects without supervision. Ability to communicate effectively across audiences and through multiple mediums. Ability to work with others of diverse backgrounds. Ability to exercise critical thinking and creative problem solving. Ability to work effectively as part of a cross-regional team. Ability to stay current on changing cellular and embedded firmware technologies and their applications in the utility industry. Ability to learn independently and facilitate training and knowledge sharing across multiple teams. Ability to lead a project with a small group of people, such as hosting weekly meetings, and communicating with other partners in written forms. Ability to build cross-teams and cross-functional relationships which will facilitate ongoing projects. Make contributions to improve the engineering team. For example, activities like interviewing, or mentoring
