Job Description Join our Team as a FIRMWARE ENGINEER! The Role: We're seeking a passionate and dedicated Firmware Engineer to join our team. You will be responsible for directly contributing to software and firmware development projects. This contribution will consist of creating system designs, making architectural decisions, and implementing code. This position is partly responsible for the technical growth of the group and requires mentorship, guidance on best practices, and design reviews to ensure only the highest quality of implementations. Projects may be at various stages when the candidate joins, so this position will be dynamic and changing according to project needs. Writing and reviewing functional specifications based on business requirements, writing code, documenting code, testing and validating, or supporting products in the field are all within scope of this position. In this role you will demonstrate strong technical expertise in software principles along with proven technical leadership capabilities. You will contribute to long?term success by developing strategic technical roadmaps aligned to company initiatives. This role requires minimal day?to?day oversight, as you are expected to understand the broader system context and manage deliverables independently while maintaining a high standard of execution. What You'll Be Doing: Interact with internal and external customers in a professional, customer?centric manner Collaborate effectively with cross?functional teams to support project and business objectives Work autonomously with minimal supervision, applying provided guidance and training as needed Remain flexible and proactively develop new skills to support evolving project requirements Lead the design and ensure the quality of complex systems composed of multiple modules or subsystems Provide technical leadership and mentorship to junior engineers responsible for individual system components Contribute input to strategic planning and support the group's long?term technical initiatives Perform all work with engineering rigor while maintaining a strong commitment to safety and Toyota's Core Values Apply extensive experience (10-15 years) in firmware development using operating systems, bare?metal environments, or hybrid approaches Utilize object?oriented and functional programming languages across complex firmware projects Leverage scripting languages where appropriate to support development and automation efforts Apply understanding of Toyota Material Handling's product portfolio and business practices to engineering decisions Create, maintain, and review clear, thorough, and high?quality technical documentation What We're Looking For: Bachelor's degree or higher in Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field Minimum of 10 years of relevant professional experience, or an advanced degree (Master's or higher) combined with equivalent experience Proficiency in C and C++ development for resource?constrained embedded platforms Hands?on experience with bare?metal systems and/or Real?Time Operating Systems (RTOS) Working knowledge of common hardware communication protocols, including I2C, SPI, and UART Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills across hardware and software boundaries Solid understanding of operating system fundamentals, including hardware and software interrupts, threading, and task scheduling Where and When You'll Work: Enjoy the best of both worlds with a hybrid schedule-collaborate in person at our Columbus, IN The role will initially report in person during a period of training and will transition to a hybrid schedule once the employee has a solid understanding of the role and expectations. What Your Total Compensation & Benefits Package will look like: Salary - $133,605 - $171,290 per year. Compensation depends on the selected candidate's education and experience. Relocation: This role may be eligible for relocation assistance. World Class Benefits: Competitive Salary Performance Bonus Generous Paid Time Off and 13 Paid Holidays Affordable Medical plans and no-cost Dental & Vision options 100% 401(k) match up to 6% Company-Paid Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, and Long-Term Disability Tuition Assistance Program Employee Assistance Program (EAP) with access to mental health care, legal support, and financial guidance Recognition and Kaizen (continuous improvement) Reward Programs Meaningful opportunities for personal and professional development Onsite Fitness Center & Occupational Health Clinic Best in class work culture! Big Name | Big Opportunities | Life is Better at Toyota Toyota Material Handling North America (TMHNA), the industry leader in forklift sales, comprises two main brands: Toyota Material Handling and The Raymond Corporation. We believe investing in the best people, products, and processes will fuel our future success, and we will always be driven by our foundational principles of "respect for people" and "continuous improvement". With opportunities across North America, we are confident you will find the right position within TMHNA that can help you build a long, fulfilling career. Learn more here: Follow us on Social Media: Working at Toyota Material Handling | Glassdoor
