A well-established security company that helps build technology to help protect our communities. Their technology is pivotal to creating software that helps create safer schools, hospitals and ultimately a safer nation. They are currently looking for various seniority of Embedded SoftwareEngineers. While this role is onsite in their Orange County office or possibly they're LA office there is flexibility on schedule. Great opportunity for someone looking to build something they are proud of and that is truly making a difference in this country.the right candidate should have strong C, Embedded, Linux Kernel, wireless protocols, network protocols, THIS POSITION REQUIRES A U.S CITIZENSHIP STATUS - CANDIDATES MUST BE ABLE TO WORK ONSITE 4 DAYS A WEEK IN IRVINE CA OR LOS ANGELAS ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES Implementation of software portion of MAC (Medium Access Control) and mobile ad-hoc networking routing protocols. Network management software and web interface implementation. Implementation of different security protocols and encryption algorithms. Audio streaming and push-to-talk voice application implementation. Analyze and improve product security and robustness to meet certain regulatory requirements such as NIST FIPS 140-3 and NIAP Common Criteria. Implementation of testing software for product performance and reliability testing. Device driver and board support package development and maintenance for both ARM and RISC-V based systems. Linux system customization and scripting. REQUIRED SKILLS Minimum Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or relevant engineering fields. 5+ years of relevant embedded system software development experience. Expertise in C programming and experience in Linux kernel driver development PREFERRED, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge and experience of different security protocols and encryption algorithms such as suite of CNSA algorithms. Demonstrated experience with socket programming and various Internet/Ethernet protocols. Understanding of MAC and Networking layer of a communication system. Experience in AMD UltraScale+ MPSoC and Microchip Polarfire SoC BSP support package development. Deep understanding of Internet Protocol Security (IPsec), network protocols, data authentication, and encryption. Linux Interrupt Service Routine development. THE OFFER 160-220k base salary Strong Bonuses Relocation expensis 401k Full - Health Medical Dental benefit
