Our client is a global leader in the iOT space for retail loss prevention, operations management, and analytics, with our headquarters based in South OC, California. They maintain a strong presence across the globe, with offices in the UK, Australia, China, Hong Kong, Germany, France, and Canad They are urgently seeking an Sr.Embedded Software Engineer with strong exposure using C, BareMetals, Linux, CICD, and exposure to RF is a huge plus. The ideal candidate can contribute as a software developer for IoT Devices. This position will require full design responsibility, from requirements through validation. There will be extensive collaboration with experienced team members and expert third party developers. Along with performing design and development duties, this position will also require data gathering and organizing for system analysis. Extensive development of systems in our lab facility as well as testing and troubleshooting on live trial sites in the field will be required. Full ownership of software will be required, including sustaining support and bug fixes. Close work and collaboration with the test team will also be required to integrate new software applications into the CI/CD pipeline. This Position is 5 days a week onsite in South Orange County Responsibilities Responsible for embedded systems development from conception through production; including requirements definition, algorithm development, firmware design, coding, test, debug and release Develop new systems utilizing embedded Linux platforms Development of firmware and software utility tools Develop embedded firmware for use in low power wireless communications and control Develop new firmware applications for multiple products and optimize existing firmware Develop tools to help validate the design; collect and analyze the data, investigate problem reports, determine root cause and recommend solutions, participate in technical reviews of the product hardware/firmware/software requirements, and generate and document the firmware for release Optimize power consumption and footprint of firmware Design and implement optimized RF communications protocols Create detailed requirements and design documentation Support product integration Quickly identify problem root cause and work closely with SQA for timely release Maintain accurate bug tracking Approve test and validation methods and plans for the firmware applications Required Skill / Must Haves 5+ years' experience in embedded software design and development Highly proficient in embedded Linux development Experience with embedded Linux platforms including custom uboot, kernel, rootfs (BSP) Low power systems design and development Complex software design and development Extremely proficient with C, C++, Python, and other software environments. Knowledge and experience with wireless systems and protocols Deep analytical and mathematical foundation Strong desire for application of new technologies Experience using bug tracking and version control tools. (Jira & Bitbucket/Git desirable) Strong problem-solving skills Ability to quickly learn new skills and adapt to project needs Willing to work off-hours or night shifts on occasion. Ability to work on equipment in limited access spaces such as above ceiling tiles or under work surfaces. May require travel in United States and/or abroad Nice to Have IoT product development RF Signal Processing Yocto Education And/Or Experience BSEE, MSEE, BSCS, or MSCS The Offer Attractive total compensation package between 150-180k Comprehensive healthcare benefits including medical, dental, and vision coverage; Life/ADD/LTD insurance; FSA/HSA options 401(k) Plan with employer match Generous paid time off policy Observance of 11 paid company holidays
