Job#: 3028851 Job Description: We are seeking a Embedded Systems Engineer (Hardware/Software Integration) to support the Automatic Test Systems Sustainment Initiative II We are open to a blend of profiles: Electrical/Hardware Engineers with software knowledge OR Software Engineers with hardware/electrical knowledge. Please apply to learn more! Day to Day Hardware Design (electrical and mechanical) Software Development for automated testing Product integration and troubleshooting, as well as technical documentation. You will be tasked by the engineering leads to complete development efforts of automated test equipment for our USAF customers. What You'll Get to Do: Develop Test Program Sets (TPS) and other aviation test equipment through product life cycle management (concept to delivery) within cost, scope, and schedule provided by project managers. Assist the test system development teams in: Operational and functional allocation Software applications at both the system level and the component level Hardware architecture design, development and testing Requirements satisfaction. Design electrical circuits and layout resource allocations for electrical designs to ensure all test requirements are met and interface between test equipment and units under tests are correct. Interface with customers regarding developmental efforts. More About the Role: Responsible for designing, developing, modifying and evaluating electronic parts, components, integrated circuitry for electronic equipment, other hardware systems, or electrical engineering applications. Duties may include analyzing equipment to establish operating data, conducting experimental tests and evaluating results as well as selecting components and equipment based on analysis of specifications and reliability. You'll Bring These Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or equivalent engineering degree. 3-5 years of professional experience. Software: Python, C#, ANSI-C or other scripting language, NI product software (TestStand, LabVIEW, CVI, etc.) Ability to read electrical schematics. Ability to design electrical circuits. Integration of hardware and software. Demonstrated expertise with digital multi -meter, oscilloscope, closed loop servo systems, and/or AC and DC power supplies. Design and development in a risk averse environment. Experience with design reviews and justifying designs/development. These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have: Development of systems to requirements and verification of requirements. Product development experience through production. Experience and knowledge of US Air Force and/or Navy aviation maintenance organizational structure. Support equipment development in accordance with (IAW) MIL-PRF-28800, MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-461. Familiarity with government FAR and D-FAR. Product life cycle management IAW IEEE 15288. Experience with PXI or equivalent technologies. PCB Design (Al um or equivalent) Development of automated test systems (ATE) and test program sets (TPS) for aircraft electrical, mechanical, avionics and engine systems. Familiarity with developing architectures with Model Based System Engineering (MBSE). Knowledge and use of ISO 9001, AS9100 or CMMI quality process standards. Everforth Apex is a world-class IT services company that serves thousands of clients across the globe. When you join Everforth Apex, you become part of a team that values innovation, collaboration, and continuous learning. We offer quality career resources, training, certifications, development opportunities, and a comprehensive benefits package. Our commitment to excellence is reflected in many awards, including ClearlyRateds Best of Staffing in Talent Satisfaction in the United States and Great Place to Work in the United Kingdom and Mexico. Everforth Apex uses a virtual recruiter as part of the application process. Click for more details. By applying for this job, you agree to receive calls, AI-generated calls, text messages, or emails from Everforth Apex and its affiliates, and contracted partners. Frequency varies for text messages. Message and data rates may apply. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You can reply STOP to cancel and HELP for help. You can access our privacy policy at Everforth Apex Benefits Overview: Everforth Apex offers a range of supplemental benefits, including medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and other insurance plans that offer an optional layer of financial protection. We offer an ESPP (employee stock purchase program) and a 401K program which allows you to contribute typically within 30 days of starting, with a company match after 12 months of tenure. Everforth Apex also offers a HSA (Health Savings Account on the HDHP plan), a SupportLinc Employee Assistance Program (EAP) with up to 8 free counseling sessions, a corporate discount savings program and other discounts. In terms of professional development, Everforth Apex hosts an on-demand training program, provides access to certification prep and a library of technical and leadership courses/books/seminars once you have 6+ months of tenure, and certification discounts and other perks to associations that include CompTIA and IIBA. Everforth Apex has a dedicated customer service team for our Consultants that can address questions around benefits and other resources, as well as a certified Career Coach. You can access a full list of our benefits, programs, support teams and resources within our 'Welcome Packet' as well, which an Everforth Apex team member can provide. Everforth Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Everforth Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you require an accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act to participate in an interview with a virtual recruiter or to use our website for a search or application, please contact our Benefits Department at or . Please note that this contact information is strictly to be used for medical ADA accommodations and that no other inquiries will be answered. UnitedHealthcare creates and publishes the Transparency in Coverage Machine-Readable Files on behalf of Everforth Apex Systems.
